# A1 - XEKKIT - Group 14
## A1

XEKKIT intends to be an information system with a web interface for a collaborative news management platform. 
Nowadays, it is crucial for people to search trusted news sources, minimizing the spread of fake news. 


In this context we decided to create our project, a Collaborative News website where freelance jornalists can earn reputation with their hard work and help keep the community informed about local and world news.


The platform will have an adaptive design and a detailed navigation system by arranging the news by themes. Besides text, title and a picture, each news will have keywords that will allow the user to quickly find what he needs through the search bar and a comments section, where other users can share their opinion about the article.
To achieve our goal of preventing the spread of fake news, we intend to implement a voting system. Higher votes means more trustable. This system will allow users to not only review the news they read but also find which one's are trusted by the community. Comments will also have a voting system. This system allows for each user to have a public reputation score, based on the news and comments they published. 
Users with very high reputation can request to be a partner. Partners are specially valued in the community and as such their news are considered more relevant and appear first in the homepage. Upvotes casted by partners are also more valuable than a normal upvote.
To publish, comment and upvote, the user must be autheticated. Some users have access to moderator privileges, allowing them to remove news they find unsuitable for the website and ban users that disrespected community guidelines. 
Furhermore, each user can follow another and receive the news the latter publishes in a dedicated area.


Users will be distributed in three groups with different permissions: moderators, users and guests. A moderator will have all the privileges of access and modification. A user can publish, comment and vote, follow and be followed. A guest can only search and read the news. 